Added more Hai news (#5906)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai news.txt

			"I saw the Hai-human fusion band Nuclear Martini playing on Luna. Nobody realized the hairy drummer was really a Hai in disguise."
			"I saw a Hai wearing the cutest bonnet the other day. When I get back to human space, I'm definitely getting a pet squirrel."
			"Do you see that Hai woman carrying her baby? Doesn't it look like a long-tailed teddy-bear? The Hai are so cute."
			"Do you ever wonder what the Hai would think if they saw an actual squirrel? Do they even know that squirrels exist? Are squirrels just miniature versions of the Hai? I'm so lost."

> 			"I always felt so rejected working as a servant on Shangri-la. Ever since I bought a ticket and ended up in Hai space, everyone around me has made me feel like I'm worth something."

Reviewer: Minor point - bought from whom? It's hard to end up here accidentally or easily without your own ship,

Author: Yeah, that makes sense. I suppose that I could modify it to say they bought it from "a shady guy offering to move people far away no questions asked" or maybe just acquired a bunk from "a hippy who wanted to visit a land with giant squirrels". I'd prefer not to remove the entry entirely, but if I can't find a way to make it work I may.

			"I bet if I bought a giant squirrel costume I could make my Hai friends think I was a complete stranger. They'd probably get a kick out of that."
			"A traveling theater group passed through here a few days ago. They performed an adorable scene about a merchant captain who gives up his life and settles down with his family on Icelake."
		word
			`"`

news "cute hai story in Hai space"
	location
		government "Hai"
	name
		word
			"Hai civilian"
			"Hai tour guide"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"Humans are always so curious when they discover our space past the wormhole. It is truly our pleasure to welcome them all and be amongst them."

> 			"The little bit of hair that humans have on the tops of their head are so cute. I love how many ways they style it."

Reviewer: The hair is the subject.
```suggestion
			"The little bit of hair that humans have on the top of their head is so cute. I love how many ways they style it."
```

Reviewer 2: Yup, that needs to change. There's some strangeness with the second possible suggestion: I can't quite put my finger on it right now, but I think something needs to be changed. But I'd just go with the first of these two anyways; it feels more natural to me.

		word
			`"`

news "concerned hai in Hai space"
	location
		government "Hai"
	name
		word
			"Hai merchant"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"Be careful should you choose to fly up north. Too many human captains who don't know any better become victims to those Hai seeking great trouble."
			"It would be smart to follow trade routes that only visit Hai and human space. One would not wish to experience the business of our northern brethren."
			"Seeing so many human ships come by with such extensive weapons feels very reminiscent of past times, unfortunately."

> 			"Rations are very often sent to those starving to the north of here, but such actions are very often not met with similar kindness. Take such a task very carefully."

Reviewer 3: Reducing some word repetition. 
```suggestion
			"Rations are very often sent to those starving to the north of here, but such actions are almost never met with similar kindness. Take such a task very carefully."
```

		word
			`"`

news "concerned hai in Hai space"
	location
		government "Hai"
	name
		word
			"Hai merchant"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"Be careful should you choose to fly up north. Too many human captains who don't know any better become victims to those Hai seeking great trouble."
			"It would be smart to follow trade routes that only visit Hai and human space. One would not wish to experience the business of our northern brethren."
			"Seeing so many human ships come by with such extensive weapons feels very reminiscent of past times, unfortunately."
			"Rations are very often sent to those starving to the north of here, but such actions are very often not met with similar kindness. Take such a task very carefully."

> 			"I fear what may happen to those who attempt to disrupt the Quarg to the south. They do stay out of the way, but do become retaliatory if initiated."

Reviewer: The Hai probably wouldn't have fired on the Quarg in nearly 180,000 years. I wouldn't say this one is particularly sensible to include.

		word
			`"`

news "human reaction to Greenwater outfitter"
	location
		government "Hai"
		planet "Greenwater"
	to show
		has "event: outfitter on Greenwater"
	name
		word
			"Merchant captain"
			"Engineer"
			"Merchant pilot"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"I've been stranded here for ages waiting for the right parts to fix my ship. Finally I don't have to stay at that dank and musty hotel."
			"I was weighting the need for Hai technology on my ship due to their high prices. Thankfully I've been able to outfit it with human tech so I don't have to pay such great amounts!"

> 			"I had a good thing going before this outfitter showed up. I could transport human ship parts before there was any competition at all, now my services are practically useless!"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"I had a good thing going before this outfitter showed up. I could transport human ship parts before there was any competition at all. Now my services are practically useless!"
```

		word
			`"`

news "businessperson in hai space"
	location
		government "Hai"
	name
		word
			"Businiessperson"
			"Professional investor"
			"Retiree"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"None of the economic models that I've run can explain why the walnut market never stops growing. Sure they're pretty popular, but this has to be a bubble, right? Right?!"
			"I've noticed a rise in the number of human cuisine-focused establishment in this area. Hopefully a sizable investment in food imports could help my portfolio recover."

> 			"I think I can coast for a while off my Darkmetal mine investments, they never seem to fail me. Maybe I can even get that crazy Hai motorcycle I've been eyeing up soon."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"I think I can coast for a while off my Darkmetal mine investments; they never seem to fail me. Maybe I can even get that crazy Hai motorcycle I've been eyeing up soon."
```

		word
			`"`

news "human reaction to Greenwater outfitter"
	location
		government "Hai"
		planet "Greenwater"
	to show
		has "event: outfitter on Greenwater"
	name
		word
			"Merchant captain"
			"Engineer"
			"Merchant pilot"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"I've been stranded here for ages waiting for the right parts to fix my ship. Finally I don't have to stay at that dank and musty hotel."
			"I was weighting the need for Hai technology on my ship due to their high prices. Thankfully I've been able to outfit it with human tech so I don't have to pay such great amounts!"
			"I had a good thing going before this outfitter showed up. I could transport human ship parts before there was any competition at all, now my services are practically useless!"
		word
			`"`

news "businessperson in hai space"
	location
		government "Hai"
	name
		word
			"Businiessperson"
			"Professional investor"
			"Retiree"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word

> 			"Real estate values for Greenwater homes have skyrocketed in recent months, so I'm taking advantage of this opportunity as much as I can!"

Reviewer: This makes the assumption that the Hai allow US style price speculation on property and renter's markets. Something which is a legacy of rapid population growth and immigration. This isn't even true of all of our world, let along an alien world that seems to have resolved the majority of its economic difficulties and has been declining in population slowly for longer than humans have had fire.

			"The Hai don't like my ship's armory of laser rifles, but I was once boarded by a pirate crew and I'm never letting that happen again! If some overgrown squirrel is going to take away my rifle, it'll have to be from my cold dead hands!"
			"I hope nobody is smuggling Hai technology out of here. I don't want to think about what would happen if the pirates got their hands on this stuff."
			"The Hai will pay you to rush cargo to human space and back. Don't die trying."

> 			"I really want to go somewhere else but here, but I feel like I'm sandwiched between the Hai to the north and the pirates past the wormhole."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"I really want to go somewhere else other than here, but I feel like I'm sandwiched between the Hai to the north and the pirates past the wormhole."
```

			"It would be smart to follow trade routes that only visit Hai and human space. One would not wish to experience the business of our northern brethren."
			"Seeing so many human ships come by with such extensive weaponry feels very reminiscent of past times, unfortunately."
			"Rations are very often sent to those starving to the north of here, but such actions are almost never met with similar kindness. Take such a task very carefully."

> 			"I feel so terrible for the many humans that attempt to reach our worlds and are destroyed by the Unfettered humans that block their passage."

Reviewer 3: Aren't unfettered humans Alphas? I don't think Alphas are hanging around the Hai wormhole.

Author: In one of the missions where pirates go through the wormhole, the Hai refer to them as 'Unfettered humans', so I felt it was appropriate to refer to them the same here.

Reviewer 3: Ok then, feel free to resolve.

	location
		government "Hai"
		attributes "human tourism"
	name
		"Holographic advertisement"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"For cooking that tastes like home when you couldn't be further from it, visit Galileo's Soul Food on Icelake Summit."
			"Tired of the usual Hai lifestyle? Take a trip to Gravitas Wonderland on the unique moon of Skyfarm: where you and the whole family can see strange and wacky Hai plants, interact with incredible robotic spider drones, and have a blast in our low-gravity designed Fun Zone!"
			"Plan a visit to the tropical Aqualiana Resort on Greenbloom where you can experience relaxing ocean-side views, exciting rainforest expeditions, and gourmet human cooking from professional chefs of the Paradise Worlds."
			"Too busy traveling to carry around all of your belongings? Moebert's Storage Solutions has locations on each Hai planet, with rapid transportation between each location at your request! Never be without your material possessions with our solutions."
		word
			`"`

news "hai advertisement in Hai space"
	location
		government "Hai"
		attributes "hai tourism"
	name
		"Holographic advertisement"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word

> 			"Are regular tree nuts too very normal and bland? Ibrahim's Exotic Nut Shack fulfills all your many desires for exciting, flavorful nut varieties."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Are regular tree nuts too normal and bland? Ibrahim's Exotic Nut Shack fulfills all your many desires for exciting, flavorful nut varieties."
```

			"Too busy traveling to carry around all of your belongings? Moebert's Storage Solutions has locations on each Hai planet, with rapid transportation between each location at your request! Never be without your material possessions with our solutions."
			"Matthias' Sky Shuttles is the perfect service for anyone making trips to, from, and within Hai space. Fly 'Hai' into the sky with Matthias' Sky Shuttles!"
		word
			`"`

news "hai advertisement in Hai space"
	location
		government "Hai"
		attributes "hai tourism"
	name
		word
			"Holographic advertisement"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"Are regular tree nuts too normal and bland? Ibrahim's Exotic Nut Shack fulfills all your many desires for exciting, flavorful nut varieties."
			"Come to relax inside the many tranquil hot springs of Mirrorlake by visiting the great paradise of Freezewarm Resort & Spa."
			"Professional full-body fur stylists are available for hire at the nearby Eliana's Styling Center! Acquire a new and fashionable look, or even dye your fur coloring!"
			"The Hai Tourism Department recommends visiting Frostmark very soon, while the warm and rainy summer experience is still taking place!"

> 			"If you crave bizarre cuisine from beyond the wormhole, you must try the food at Duality Diner, featuring human chef Dibani Wilczek and her excellent dishes like 'broccoli', 'oranges', and 'cereal'!"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"If you crave bizarre cuisine from beyond the wormhole, you must try the food at Duality Diner, featuring human chef Dibani Wilczek and her excellent dishes like 'broccoli,' 'oranges,' and 'cereal'!"
```
